Speech dictionaries dialog. Added a context menu to the dicts list (#20424)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### New Features

> * Added context menu to the list entries of the Speech Dictionaries dialog, Maximizing eas of access to the list entries actions. (#20420, @amirmahdifard)

Reviewer: Not sure if the docs require this, but new change entries might need to go at the end instead of the beginning.

  * In modes that show a continuation mark, when a word is cut across rows, the last cell of the row now shows a continuation mark (braille dots 7-8) so it is clear that the word continues on the next row.
  * The "At word or syllable boundaries" option uses hyphenation dictionaries to split long words at syllable boundaries when they do not fit on the display.
* Magnifier: A new unassigned command has been added to move the mouse cursor to the center of the magnified view. (#20127, @CyrilleB79)

> * Added context menu to the list entries of the Speech Dictionaries dialog, Maximizing eas of access to the list entries actions. (#20420, @amirmahdifard)

Reviewer 2: In the change log we usually describe the changes, but not why we did this.

```suggestion
* Added a context menu to the list entries of the Speech Dictionaries dialog, providing an alternative way to edite or remove a rule. (#20420, @amirmahdifard)
```

Author: It has a spelling mistake. Edit is speled edite
